Update Fleetctl docs and fix typo (#6473)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/fleetctl-CLI.md

## Using fleetctl

You can use `fleetctl` to accomplish many tasks you would typically need to do through the Fleet UI. You can even set up or apply configuration files to the Fleet server.

### Available commands

> Much of the functionality available in the Fleet UI is also available in `fleetctl`. You can run queries, add and remove users, generate installer packages to add new hosts, get information about existing hosts, and more! The following commands are available for use with `fleetctl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Much of the functionality available in the Fleet UI is also available in `fleetctl`. You can run queries, add and remove users, generate osquery installers to add new hosts, get information about existing hosts, and more! The following commands are available for use with `fleetctl`:
```

What do you think about using "osquery installers" here? This is what we currently call the packages in the "Adding hosts" doc page: https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/adding-hosts#osquery-installer

Author: For sure that make sense
